[docs][system] Revise the Box page (#39159)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/box/box.md

---
productId: joy-ui
title: React Box
components: Box
githubLabel: 'component: Box'
---

# Box

> <p class="description">The Box component serves as a wrapper component for most of the CSS utility needs.</p>

Reviewer: How about this for the descriptions on these pages?

```suggestion
<p class="description">The Box component is a generic, theme-aware container with access to MUI System's CSS utilities.</p>
```

Reviewer: Then again, if we go in this direction, maybe the Joy and Material pages should name those products instead of System? It feels a little weird to name System on a Joy page before explaining why it's being mentioned. Technically those utilities kind of belong to _all_ of the products, but it also feels weird to call them _just_ "CSS utilities" or "MUI CSS utilities."

Author: Yeah, agreed... maybe something like, for Joy and Material, "...with access to CSS utilities _via_ MUI System"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">The Box component is a generic, theme-aware container with access to CSS utilities from MUI System.</p>
```

Reviewer: Tangential, but this makes me think that in the future unified product doc space, we'd have a page explaining how certain components, props, and utilities are shared across the products.
